br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/configuration/ElasticSearchConfiguration.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.configuration.ElasticSearchConfiguration
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/configuration/KafkaConfiguration.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.configuration.KafkaConfiguration
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/QuotingByProductMode.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.QuotingByProductMode
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/Quote.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.Quote
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/QuoteIdentification.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.QuoteIdentification
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/exception/QuoteNotFoundException.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.exception.QuoteNotFoundException
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/constants/QuoteAreaType.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.constants.QuoteAreaType
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/IpQuoteSaveServicesApplication.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.IpQuoteSaveServicesApplication
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/base/ShipmentSubType.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.base.ShipmentSubType
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/producer/QuoteProducer.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.producer.QuoteProducer
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/base/DeliveryMethod.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.base.DeliveryMethod
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/QuoteDeliveryOption.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.QuoteDeliveryOption
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/base/TimeZones.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.base.TimeZones
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/service/QuoteService.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.service.QuoteService
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/controller/QuoteController.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.controller.QuoteController
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/base/DeliveryMethodType.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.base.DeliveryMethodType
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/base/DeliveryMethodShippingType.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.base.DeliveryMethodShippingType
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/QuoteAdditionalInformation.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.QuoteAdditionalInformation
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/constants/VolumeType.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.constants.VolumeType
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/base/LogisticProvider.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.base.LogisticProvider
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.base.LogisticProvider$LogisticProviderBuilder
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.base.LogisticProvider$LogisticProviderCodes
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/repository/QuoteRepository.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.repository.QuoteRepository
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/configuration/RabbitMQConfiguration.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.configuration.RabbitMQConfiguration
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/producer/QuoteFallbackProducer.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.producer.QuoteFallbackProducer
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/consumer/QuoteConsumer.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.consumer.QuoteConsumer
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/QuoteVolume.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.QuoteVolume
br/com/intelipost/ipquoteservices/model/base/ShipmentType.java
 br.com.intelipost.ipquoteservices.model.base.ShipmentType
